Title: Arvaya Consulting | Weekly Friday Team sync
Date: 2026-01-09 19:30:00
ID: 01KE7E51ENZZXD0CFBR3S0XQJM
Participants: Todd Fernley, David Hogg, Mark Lohr, Ryan Botindari, Kyle Dalton, Rachael Lindblom, admin

Todd Fernley: I used to have, like, MacBooks, and my favorite one was 2011 before they started soldering in the motherboard.
Todd Fernley: I kind of, like, aligned those two of them where it's, like, able to customize, and then other cars are just not as much.
David Hogg: Yeah, so we did a full.
David Hogg: We replaced almost every.
David Hogg: What did we do?
David Hogg: We replaced every wheel well, the bumper, both bumpers, and the headlights.
David Hogg: Just me and a buddy in, like, three hours.
Todd Fernley: Do you have a garage?
David Hogg: Well, he had a garage.
David Hogg: I don't.
Todd Fernley: Ah, okay, nice.
David Hogg: But if you tried to do that on my car now, you'd hate yourself because I replaced my alternator and it took me eight hours.
Todd Fernley: I have to replace this thing called a blend door, which is a thing that fails in Wranglers, and it requires taking apart the entire dashboard, so I'm.
Mark Lohr: Not looking forward to that.
David Hogg: Shouldn't be.
David Hogg: Shouldn't be too bad.
Todd Fernley: Be worse.
David Hogg: Mark, you're on mute.
David Hogg: But I know you said.
David Hogg: What's up, everybody?
Mark Lohr: Wow, that is some solid lip reading skills.
Mark Lohr: I'll be sure to cover my mouth when I want to talk bad about you.
Ryan Botindari: Yeah, right.
Ryan Botindari: What's up, team?
Ryan Botindari: I'm gonna be on mute because my father doesn't stop answering the phone, so you got to.
Ryan Botindari: He's got too many people calling.
Ryan Botindari: But.
Ryan Botindari: And, Mark, I know we.
Ryan Botindari: We talked.
Ryan Botindari: You'll be kind of leading this meeting.
Ryan Botindari: And he's a loud talker, isn't he?
Kyle Dalton: Can you hear him?
Mark Lohr: He's loud.
David Hogg: Ryan, the apple did not fall, but nothing in the tree.
Ryan Botindari: Yeah, true that.
David Hogg: True that.
Ryan Botindari: I talk a lot.
Ryan Botindari: Maybe not loud, but I'll.
Ryan Botindari: I'll mute and let you run in the Mark.
Mark Lohr: Okay.
Mark Lohr: All right.
Mark Lohr: Ryan, are we waiting for Ashley?
Rachael Lindblom: Do you know.
Mark Lohr: Have you spoken to her?
Ryan Botindari: I mean, yeah, we can wait a.
Mark Lohr: Couple minutes, but I think Zach is traveling.
Mark Lohr: Yeah.
Kyle Dalton: Okay.
Ryan Botindari: Yep.
admin: So.
Ryan Botindari: Yeah.
Mark Lohr: Addie and Rachel, how was the.
Mark Lohr: The office environment yesterday?
Rachael Lindblom: It was great.
Rachael Lindblom: Wonderful.
admin: Productive.
Mark Lohr: Got a lot done.
Mark Lohr: Nice.
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah.
Mark Lohr: Looks like a cool office.
Mark Lohr: Can't wait to join you guys soon.
Mark Lohr: Awesome.
Mark Lohr: Well, yes.
Mark Lohr: Let's go ahead and get started.
Mark Lohr: Just as a reminder, these syncs that we have throughout the week, the agenda may change whoever's putting them on the calendar.
Mark Lohr: So just kind of ahead of time, check the.
Mark Lohr: Check the.
Mark Lohr: Call in teams and see what the agenda's gonna be about.
Mark Lohr: And that way, you're ready to rock and roll.
Mark Lohr: This one for today is just the wins, what's blocking you, what may have slipped or moved forward properly, and any priorities.
Mark Lohr: Priorities for the following week.
Mark Lohr: I got you, Todd.
Mark Lohr: At the at the top of my window here if you want to kick us.
Todd Fernley: How am I always at the top?
Todd Fernley: My name starts from.
Todd Fernley: Shouldn't I be at the bottom?
David Hogg: He's always the first one in the meeting.
Kyle Dalton: That's probably why.
Mark Lohr: Maybe.
Mark Lohr: Yeah, maybe.
Mark Lohr: Yeah.
Rachael Lindblom: Great.
Todd Fernley: So yeah, it's first week going.
Todd Fernley: It's going great.
Todd Fernley: The one thing I'll say from a win from this week I've been attending the special tech meetings.
Todd Fernley: I'm only just sitting in, I'm just listening in.
Todd Fernley: But the good thing that's coming out of that is I've built out a.
Todd Fernley: Right now it's very archaic and it's an Excel but a pipeline tracker for all potential clients.
Todd Fernley: And I'm building it out in the overall structure by what the feedback we're getting and the approach that we're taking with Spectra Tech.
Todd Fernley: And then I'm going to mend that and then in the coming weeks migrate that to Monday.
Todd Fernley: So we all have that there.
Todd Fernley: But this is just a starting point so I'd say it's good.
Ryan Botindari: Awesome.
Mark Lohr: Okay.
Mark Lohr: And for next week that's going to be continuing on that front.
Kyle Dalton: Yeah.
Rachael Lindblom: Yes.
Todd Fernley: So I've been using that not only for the meetings this week but also any of the documentation that we have from previous events hosted.
Todd Fernley: Getting all that information in one central location and be able to cross reference that and use that as kind of benchmarking moving forward.
Mark Lohr: Awesome.
Mark Lohr: Thank you.
Mark Lohr: David, what you got man?
David Hogg: Okay, so Ice Monday.com is moving along, just have some small tweaks for that for next week and Elham really likes it.
David Hogg: So I guess that's the win in that category because he hasn't seen it in you know, three, two months or something.
David Hogg: So that got some direction on the kind of new.
David Hogg: Well I guess it's not a new project yet but the Spectra Tech like their onboarding system that we may be building for them.
David Hogg: So got some direction on that.
David Hogg: We'll be working on the proposal this weekend to give to Ryan to actually propose to them.
Rachael Lindblom: And.
David Hogg: Kyle and I worked on a training resource and I'm just going to pull that up real quick because that's kind of like a very large win.
David Hogg: Just going to show it off real quick.
David Hogg: So it all feeds from this data which is obviously not complete yet, but the structure is the important component which is this.
David Hogg: So this is how people would actually like view the data.
David Hogg: So you got your main ideas or your categories, you then have like inside of that broken out into other categories and then if you go down another layer, you can click on it and then it's got a summary at the top, table of contents, key takeaways, embedded loom video, summary of the loom video flowchart, the content summary of the flowchart, and then any extra documentation resources to download right there.
David Hogg: And to pair that into kind of.
David Hogg: This whole thing is searchable and you can talk to it and try to ask it to find you what data or who made something, because you can assign ownership for it.
David Hogg: So if something is not fully answering your question, you can see who's the contact of that system or the contact of the person who created the document and then reach out to them, which is maybe less important for us in the current moment, but might be a lot more important if we deploy this to clients.
David Hogg: Because this is, in my opinion, very similar to like, Mind Tickle, and we can build it in Monday directly.
Mark Lohr: So very cool.
Mark Lohr: And would this be something that's like per.
Mark Lohr: Per project?
Mark Lohr: You can have.
Mark Lohr: You could have this knowledge base in each.
Mark Lohr: In each kind of project board.
David Hogg: So this would be.
David Hogg: This would live, separate.
David Hogg: I mean, it could be in the same environment.
David Hogg: I just pulled it into, like a workspace, a demo workspace for me to work with, but it could be in this, if that's what you're talking about.
David Hogg: It wouldn't tie to these.
David Hogg: It would be because it's all just training documents.
David Hogg: So it's like, how to do this, how to do that.
Mark Lohr: Okay, that's cool.
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah.
Mark Lohr: Looking forward to more of that.
Mark Lohr: Thanks.
Mark Lohr: Is anything else?
Ryan Botindari: David.
Kyle Dalton: Wins.
David Hogg: No.
David Hogg: Next week, wrapping up the Spectra Tech proposal by Tuesday, wrapping up the Monday stuff by Thursday, and then importing their new data by Friday and evaluating if I can do what I did for this to replace Systemo and make a mileage tracking tool, because then we can pull all of ICE into Monday dot com.
David Hogg: But that's tentative.
Mark Lohr: Okay.
Ryan Botindari: Damn, David, you.
Ryan Botindari: You just gave me shit for talking too much and I haven't heard you stop talking for the whole drive home.
Kyle Dalton: Maybe.
David Hogg: Maybe speak about more work and it won't be as much of a problem.
Ryan Botindari: There you go.
Ryan Botindari: No, those are all good stuff, for sure.
Mark Lohr: Well, Ryan, while you're unmuted, if you want to.
Mark Lohr: If you want to talk, since you seem to want to talk.
Ryan Botindari: Yep, that's true.
Ryan Botindari: No, I, you know, you guys already kind of covered a lot of my stuff.
Ryan Botindari: You know, obviously, Spectra Tech, that's a awesome, you know, exciting opportunity.
Mark Lohr: Yeah.
Ryan Botindari: I mean, just hearing all the winds, I don't want to steal anybody's thunder.
Mark Lohr: So can you keep on Keeping up inspector track.
Mark Lohr: Spectral Tech is a done deal.
Mark Lohr: Is that, Is that.
Mark Lohr: It's not a done deal?
Mark Lohr: No, we're doing it.
Mark Lohr: Okay.
Ryan Botindari: No, we do a proposal.
Ryan Botindari: So we're putting together a proposal.
Ryan Botindari: I know Zach is working on that.
Ryan Botindari: And then we'll.
Ryan Botindari: We'll have a meeting next to.
Ryan Botindari: We have a meeting next Tuesday to go over it.
Mark Lohr: Cool.
Mark Lohr: I was going to say if you could maybe just give us a quick blurb on them if it were already done, but we'll.
Mark Lohr: We don't want to counter it.
Mark Lohr: Eggs before the hatch, right?
Ryan Botindari: Yeah.
Ryan Botindari: You know, yeah.
Ryan Botindari: You don't want to count your chickens before they're hatched.
Ryan Botindari: But, but, but it's.
Ryan Botindari: It's really good.
Ryan Botindari: It went really well.
Ryan Botindari: Essentially, they work a lot in the Department of Energy.
Ryan Botindari: They have a very niche business and we're working on staff augmentation for them.
Ryan Botindari: So essentially just finding the right candidates when they respond to RFQs.
Ryan Botindari: So we got a pretty cool tool that Zach and David have been working on, or at least working on the structure of what it will look like.
Ryan Botindari: And then we'll be able to use that for us, too.
Ryan Botindari: Todd.
Ryan Botindari: Everybody but Todd, especially with us working in the government space soon, being able to respond to RFQs and have some of the contractors that we can, you know, find for us.
Ryan Botindari: So it'll be a good tool for us, too.
Ryan Botindari: And obviously we'll be.
Ryan Botindari: We won't be prime on a lot of things for a while, so we'll be subcontracting anyway.
Ryan Botindari: But.
Ryan Botindari: Anyway, I won't go long winded on that, but good stuff for sure.
Mark Lohr: Yeah, sounds great.
Mark Lohr: Thank you, sir.
Mark Lohr: Kyle, how was your week?
Kyle Dalton: Yeah, good first week.
Kyle Dalton: Gained a lot of knowledge on our Monday on ice's Monday.
Kyle Dalton: Started building a lot of deliverables, sops, LOOM videos, Miro charts for both ICE and us working a lot on the ICE side, just with the deadline on the 16th, trying to get it done before that so we can all review it and make sure it aligns exactly with what they're needing.
Kyle Dalton: Um, but that'll be kind of my priority moving into next week is just tying up the rest of those LOOM videos and making a few more mirror charts.
Kyle Dalton: SOPs are barely done at this point other than advanced filtering and reporting, so.
Mark Lohr: Awesome.
Mark Lohr: Have you worked with LOOM before?
Kyle Dalton: No, first time.
Kyle Dalton: Oh.
Mark Lohr: I haven't used it yet myself.
Kyle Dalton: It's a fun one.
Kyle Dalton: It takes a few times to get the video right how you want it to go, but once you.
Kyle Dalton: I mean, I feel I figured out Build yourself a little script.
Kyle Dalton: Make.
Kyle Dalton: Make it a little easier rather than trying to go off the dome.
Mark Lohr: Yeah, for sure.
Mark Lohr: Awesome.
Mark Lohr: Thank you.
Mark Lohr: Rachel, how about you?
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah, I.
Rachael Lindblom: Wins for the week.
Rachael Lindblom: Finished creating everyone's bios or at least drafts to review with Ashley.
Rachael Lindblom: So short bios, long bios, and then basically just like key skills for everyone.
Rachael Lindblom: And then created that to an internal and external org chart to pull for any marketing stuff.
Rachael Lindblom: And then started working on the website Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and then that'll be my focus going into next week and probably the week after that too.
Mark Lohr: Awesome.
Rachael Lindblom: And another one was working with Addie and Ashley yesterday, of course.
Mark Lohr: As far as the website, are we expecting like a little overhaul or is that just some.
Mark Lohr: Some back end stuff?
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah, like a full.
Rachael Lindblom: We like switched it over from the platform that you guys were using to wix and it'll be like a completely new look.
Rachael Lindblom: A lot of new pages.
Rachael Lindblom: Like every team member will have their own page and more like in depth services.
Rachael Lindblom: So just.
Mark Lohr: Okay.
Rachael Lindblom: A lot more in depth.
admin: Yeah.
Mark Lohr: Exciting.
Mark Lohr: Thank you.
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah.
Mark Lohr: Ryan, did you.
David Hogg: Are you gonna include that?
Rachael Lindblom: I'm gonna.
Todd Fernley: Yeah.
Ryan Botindari: That I'm a dj.
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah, that's.
Kyle Dalton: As soon.
Mark Lohr: As soon as his profile page opens, it's just like.
Rachael Lindblom: Yeah.
Ryan Botindari: There you go.
Ryan Botindari: I like it.
Mark Lohr: Cool.
Mark Lohr: Addie, would you like to.
Mark Lohr: Oh, this is your rundown.
admin: I just been.
admin: I've been just keeping Ashley alive.
admin: How about that?
admin: Rachel can vouch for me.
Mark Lohr: Awesome.
Mark Lohr: Well, keep up the good, good work there and that's a full time job and I'll swing in real quick.
Mark Lohr: Wins for the week.
Mark Lohr: I've worked with Zachy earlier helping the AI LLM project move forward and gather some contact information for a call next week.
Mark Lohr: ERP is progressing.
Mark Lohr: We got some VP vantage point calls coming up next week.
Mark Lohr: Open Asset.
Mark Lohr: I worked with Brian and Linda on that as well.
Mark Lohr: And also Monday.com designating statuses for the project.
Mark Lohr: So we got the task level projects now we got project level statuses for that.
Mark Lohr: No big blockers.
Mark Lohr: And priorities for next week is just continuing on those initiatives and making sure the progress is moving forward.
Mark Lohr: And Open Asset, we got the kickoff call next week, so that'll be fun.
Mark Lohr: I think that might be a wrap.
Mark Lohr: Ryan, you got anything else or anybody else have any Friday words of wisdom?
Ryan Botindari: No, I mean, just love that everybody is working hard and these are all awesome wins.
Ryan Botindari: You know, excited for the new folks and crushing the first week.
Ryan Botindari: So good job, everybody.
Ryan Botindari: And no, I think we're ramping up.
Ryan Botindari: It's very exciting.
Ryan Botindari: Loving that we have, you know, these prospects that we're working on and getting some new clients in the door and.
Ryan Botindari: Yeah, great work, everybody.
Mark Lohr: Yeah.
Mark Lohr: And I forgot to mention, we got the dinner next week, so that's.
Ryan Botindari: Yeah, everybody, that's a win.
Mark Lohr: Marble and Finn, I've never been there, so that'll be good.
Mark Lohr: I heard it's really sounds fancy.
admin: I heard it's really, really good food.
Mark Lohr: Kyle, were you determined if you can make it?
Mark Lohr: I do.
Kyle Dalton: I'll be there.
Kyle Dalton: Yes, sir.
Mark Lohr: All right, well, thank you all.
admin: Thank you.
admin: Have a great weekend.
Mark Lohr: Take care.
Mark Lohr: Bye.
David Hogg: Have a great weekend.
David Hogg: Bye.
Mark Lohr: Bye.
