Title: Arvaya Consulting | Weekly Friday Team sync
Date: 2026-01-23 14:00:00
ID: 01KF46PFR5DF23JQE7Z1JMHQ3A
Participants: Ashlee Jack, Kyle Dalton, Todd Fernley, Zaki Quereshy, admin, Mark Lohr, assistance

Ashlee Jack: Gosh Rachel, we can not really hear you at all.
Ashlee Jack: It's really bad.
Ashlee Jack: Good morning everyone.
Ashlee Jack: Happy Friday.
Ashlee Jack: Friday for the weekend.
Ashlee Jack: Everyone have a good productive week.
Kyle Dalton: Oh yeah.
Ashlee Jack: Nice.
Ashlee Jack: What was the highlight of your week, Todd?
Todd Fernley: Yeah, I'm gonna go to.
Todd Fernley: So I took your what you had in the counter invite and put it to a template.
Todd Fernley: So I'll just run through it.
Todd Fernley: Win from the week.
Todd Fernley: We have about 60 of the documentation migrated over from the previous the original folders, the new one.
Todd Fernley: I have a few more meetings to go through with individual team members.
Todd Fernley: So that's good.
Todd Fernley: What's moving forward?
Todd Fernley: Additionally Monday.com the new business development workspace.
Todd Fernley: Building that out as well as the go to market strategy.
Todd Fernley: No blockers or risk and then priorities from Monday is just making sure with everyone for the team the whole folder migration goes over and then Asher and I will go through and look at the remaining documentation to look at overall relevance of.
Ashlee Jack: Thanks.
Ashlee Jack: And so on a.
Ashlee Jack: On another note, what was like the best part of your week?
Ashlee Jack: Structure Professional.
Todd Fernley: I was gonna say organizing folders because my OCD was just like oh, this is awesome.
Ashlee Jack: Nice.
Ashlee Jack: What about you, Kyle?
Kyle Dalton: Do you want me to run through that or what was the highlight like best part of my week?
Kyle Dalton: What do you want?
Kyle Dalton: All of it.
Ashlee Jack: Let's start off with what was that best highlight of your week?
Ashlee Jack: Could professional.
Ashlee Jack: Could be personal.
Kyle Dalton: Highlight of my week.
Kyle Dalton: I don't want to do professional.
Kyle Dalton: I was.
Kyle Dalton: I was with my baby all week.
Kyle Dalton: That was fun.
Kyle Dalton: Keep it personal.
Kyle Dalton: She's walking, crawling, climbing, everything.
Kyle Dalton: It's fun.
Ashlee Jack: Nice.
Ashlee Jack: If you want to run through the agenda too, you can.
Kyle Dalton: Will do.
Kyle Dalton: So wins for this week.
Kyle Dalton: Got through most of Billy training.
Kyle Dalton: Got that.
Kyle Dalton: All kind of almost completed.
Kyle Dalton: Got to make some loom videos.
Kyle Dalton: So that way we have some internal video content as well.
Kyle Dalton: But SOPs are all the way done for Billy.
Kyle Dalton: So getting prepared for launch two two open asset.
Kyle Dalton: Gaining a lot of knowledge on that.
Kyle Dalton: Going through a ton of trainings.
Kyle Dalton: So SOPS and Training 101 will be built early next week.
Kyle Dalton: Today I'm going to be organizing some training documents for Caitlin.
Kyle Dalton: They're training and onboarding specialists over at ice.
Kyle Dalton: So I'm going to be uploading that to a box folder so they have everything there.
Kyle Dalton: I do have one blocker.
Kyle Dalton: We do need loom business plan now because they do want their loom videos downloaded and uploaded to a box folder.
Kyle Dalton: We can't download videos without our without loom business.
Kyle Dalton: So other than that, no other blockers for me.
Kyle Dalton: And priority for Monday is get back on Open Asset and Miro trainings.
Kyle Dalton: I started some mirror trainings for Caitlin and Angelica.
Ashlee Jack: Okay, so we need the Loom business because of.
Ashlee Jack: Because of ICE needs.
Ashlee Jack: If they want downloads.
Kyle Dalton: Yep.
Kyle Dalton: Downloads that we can't download on our free starter plan is all.
Ashlee Jack: Yeah.
Ashlee Jack: So is there.
Ashlee Jack: Would they be maybe open to.
Ashlee Jack: Instead of downloading videos and then uploading into a box folder if it was just URLs in Excel sheet that was like, labeled.
Ashlee Jack: Because I feel like the whole purpose of doing Loom is also to have it on their platform.
Ashlee Jack: So, one, you're not having to take up that much storage and then secondly, you're able to make notes on there as well.
Ashlee Jack: So any of their team members could type in and drop a little note.
Ashlee Jack: You can also.
Ashlee Jack: It's like the platform itself.
Ashlee Jack: So if you can have it where it's like in an Excel sheet and then it just goes to URL, then they don't have to like go into a specific box floor.
Ashlee Jack: They go into one Excel sheet and it has it all organized kind of on.
Ashlee Jack: So if it's like Monday.
Ashlee Jack: Right.
Ashlee Jack: And if they want it like all the URLs and like one spreadsheet, and if they still want us to upgrade, we can obviously we'll charge that to the client.
Ashlee Jack: So if you'll find that out and just see if they'll do that instead of.
Ashlee Jack: And then also, do you know how much it costs?
Kyle Dalton: It's $18 a seat.
Kyle Dalton: So it just really depends on how many people we have for like using Loom.
Kyle Dalton: But if it's only a couple people.
Ashlee Jack: It'S mostly just you.
Ashlee Jack: Maybe Zachy.
Zaki Quereshy: I don't have much use for it, I guess for communicating with less bright.
Zaki Quereshy: Kind of like, I already sent one video to him the other day, but that's pretty much it.
Ashlee Jack: Nice.
Ashlee Jack: But yeah.
Ashlee Jack: So Kyle, just let me know.
Ashlee Jack: So find out if that's fine, if that's more manageable and just explain, like, why it benefits them more to have it that way organized.
Ashlee Jack: Rather than downloading these and then uploading them into a box folder, it just takes up more of their storage.
Ashlee Jack: They don't have the capabilities that Loom would have.
Ashlee Jack: You can see how many views it was on your.
Ashlee Jack: Yeah, it just.
Ashlee Jack: It's kind of silly in that way, but yeah.
admin: Cool.
Ashlee Jack: And then, Zachy, go ahead.
Ashlee Jack: You want to share what was your favorite part of the week?
Ashlee Jack: Can be personal or professional.
Zaki Quereshy: My favorite part of the week was I went to dinner at Shez New and got a half bottle of wine at the Tippling House.
Zaki Quereshy: Or Was it Tippling House or whatever?
Zaki Quereshy: It was very nice.
Zaki Quereshy: It was really chill and she knew was awesome.
Zaki Quereshy: My first time there, that was my highlight of the week.
Zaki Quereshy: My biggest struggle this week will be patching up the booking agent or like the calendar agent for Billy's functionality.
Zaki Quereshy: I'm kind of working on that.
Zaki Quereshy: It should be ready by the second for the full release, but yeah, so that's definitely on my weekend agenda.
Ashlee Jack: Nice.
Ashlee Jack: Yeah.
Ashlee Jack: Cheynewood is such a cute little restaurant.
Ashlee Jack: I haven't been there in a while, but it's so cute and quaint.
Ashlee Jack: Do you take your girlfriend there?
Zaki Quereshy: Of course I did.
Ashlee Jack: Not cute.
Ashlee Jack: Do you need anything from the team?
Zaki Quereshy: Nope.
Zaki Quereshy: Also for mom, it's probably like a Red Lobster or something.
Zaki Quereshy: Something like that.
Ashlee Jack: My mom is the same way.
Ashlee Jack: It's like Chain R restaurants but that's what they grew up with.
Zaki Quereshy: Yes, she loves bonefish for some reason.
Zaki Quereshy: I don't know why she loves Bonefish Grill.
Zaki Quereshy: They're everywhere.
Mark Lohr: Gotta get that bang bang shrimp.
Zaki Quereshy: I can make that myself.
Mark Lohr: Yeah, that's pretty easy.
Ashlee Jack: Well, since you're already on the microphone, Mark, go ahead.
Mark Lohr: Alrighty.
Mark Lohr: I guess low light and highlight of the week was kind of the same.
Mark Lohr: I had a school conference with my.
Mark Lohr: My youngest son.
Mark Lohr: He's 12 and he's been starting to be a little class clown and thinks he's a comedian.
Mark Lohr: So had a conference with the counselor and some teachers yesterday and it went a lot better than I thought it was going to go.
Mark Lohr: A lot of positive feedback.
Mark Lohr: They're just wanting to kind of nip a few things in the bud before it gets out of hand.
Mark Lohr: But I think we're going to turn a page here.
Mark Lohr: So that was good wins for the week.
Mark Lohr: You all might have gotten some notifications went through and cleared out the entire prep board on Monday.
Mark Lohr: Dave isn't on the call.
Mark Lohr: I'm sure he got loaded up on notifications, but those are all now assigned.
Mark Lohr: If I assign them to you and it's not really on your in your wheelhouse, just ping me back or assign it to someone you think it may belong to.
Mark Lohr: But those are now are all assigned and the plan is to do the same thing with the backlog and currently there's some things that are in there even as unassigned and this should definitely have assignments moving forward.
Mark Lohr: I did speak with the Apple representative and they just last night sent me back a quote, so I'll get that to you.
Mark Lohr: Ashley, I want to get with all the team members too today and just get an idea of what you're looking for desktop, laptop, that kind of thing.
Mark Lohr: Regarding open asset Zach, he got the access he needed.
Mark Lohr: We're still waiting for the folder from Linda, so I was thinking I might reach out to Nicole.
Mark Lohr: She's works with Linda in marketing.
Mark Lohr: But Linda's also back Monday, so we should get that by next week.
Mark Lohr: And then the plan for Monday is just to continue working on Monday.
Mark Lohr: And we got the final vantage point call on Tuesday at the big group call.
Mark Lohr: So I'll be kind of consolidating feedback after today's call.
Zaki Quereshy: Awesome.
Ashlee Jack: All right.
Ashlee Jack: And then.
Ashlee Jack: Iana Lua, do you want to say what your.
Ashlee Jack: Your highlight of the week was?
assistance: Okay.
assistance: Yeah, my highlight of the week was I audited QuickBooks yesterday though.
assistance: I spent watch hours on it, but I felt oddly satisfied doing that.
Kyle Dalton: So.
Ashlee Jack: Yeah, auditing QuickBooks.
assistance: Yeah, I felt satisfied auditing QuickBooks.
Ashlee Jack: What about you, Addie?
admin: Me?
admin: I'm just thankful I survived.
admin: I can't believe it was a four week week.
admin: It feels like it was like eight days straight.
admin: We worked.
Ashlee Jack: For real.
admin: But no, I'm just excited because I don't want to share a lot, but I know that we have a lot of things going on on the back burner and it is so exciting.
admin: And I only know that because I'm on the inside and I listen and nosy and.
admin: But it's very exciting and I'm excited about.
admin: It Is exciting team.
Ashlee Jack: Really is.
admin: We have a lot of things coming down the pipeline that she hasn't even told y' all about.
admin: It's very exciting.
Ashlee Jack: So.
admin: Yeah, I will tell on you.
admin: So you know this.
admin: Just let y' all know.
admin: I will tell people.
Ashlee Jack: Sorry, that was.
Ashlee Jack: I was not expecting.
Ashlee Jack: But I'm telling the truth.
admin: I'm telling the truth.
admin: That is a highlight.
admin: I am excited.
Ashlee Jack: Yes.
Ashlee Jack: There's a lot of exciting things coming, including like our office space and some other things.
Ashlee Jack: But yeah.
Ashlee Jack: So any blockers, anyone?
Ashlee Jack: Does anyone need anything from anyone specifically?
Ashlee Jack: Okay.
Ashlee Jack: I figured instead of going and doing like red, round robin, whatever, because I feel like we just did that and it was a shorter week, so I figured just kind of go through a little bit of those highlights and see if there's anything that you all need.
Ashlee Jack: And then is there anyone that needs to meet with anyone specifically on the team to kind of go through some of the stuff that they need to do in order to tie up for the rest of the week?
Ashlee Jack: No.
Ashlee Jack: Okay.
Ashlee Jack: And then just as a reminder, please make sure that like, we prepare ourselves for Monday on Friday.
Ashlee Jack: So on Fridays, I.
Ashlee Jack: Well, usually I Do it also on like Sundays is I'll take a look at everything and I'll try to get myself organized for the week.
Ashlee Jack: So that's a good way to get yourself organized for Monday is taking the last like maybe hour of the day to just look at what you've accomplished this week, what you need to accomplish next week, and like really nail down like three really important things that you can get done next week that's going to make a big impact either for the team or for yourself or for the company, for the, for ice.
Ashlee Jack: So really like nail down, you know, three to five items, you don't want to do too many, but like three to five items that are really important and you know, make sure that it gets done next week.
Ashlee Jack: And those are your main priorities.
Ashlee Jack: And it's always good to prepare now for next week and that way come Monday, you don't have to be like, oh, what do I need to do?
Ashlee Jack: It's already planned out for you.
Ashlee Jack: So.
Ashlee Jack: All right, well, if y' all need anything else, also, I don't think that we need to go to the next call as far as the tech updates, as as long as we don't need anything else.
Ashlee Jack: I know that Kyle was the only one that said we might need some other tech or like an upgrade, but other than that, do we need any other tech update or subscriptions or anything like that?
Ashlee Jack: I'm take that as a net in here.
Ashlee Jack: All right, guys, well, I hope you all have a great and successful day.
Ashlee Jack: If you all need me, like I said yesterday, just as one last reminder, if it's something quick, just like send me a text message.
Ashlee Jack: It's probably gonna be the fastest way I'm gonna be able to respond to you.
Ashlee Jack: If you need to, just give me a quick call just to say, hey, like give you me a little background like what it is and so you can get a little bit more guidance.
Ashlee Jack: Please just give me a call.
Ashlee Jack: If it's something that you want to review with me over the computer, please set like a 15 to 30 minute call with me and then if it's something that's like not urgent but important, just send it an email.
Mark Lohr: Actually, I do have a quick, quick question.
Mark Lohr: Is, is David, I don't know if you know, is David in today?
Mark Lohr: I was trying to schedule a meeting with him and Nancy.
Ashlee Jack: He should be.
Zaki Quereshy: So.
Ashlee Jack: Okay, I talked to them.
Mark Lohr: I don't know if she knew.
Ashlee Jack: Yeah.
Ashlee Jack: So yeah, you can schedule that with him.
Ashlee Jack: So.
Ashlee Jack: And I'm gonna give him a call here in a minute.
Ashlee Jack: Okay, well, if that's all, I hope you all have a great day.
Ashlee Jack: Quick and short meeting and I'll talk to you later.
admin: Thank you.
Mark Lohr: Thanks, everybody.
admin: Bye, guys.
assistance: Bye.
assistance: Bye, guys.
